1 ARCH 239 1944 > . gat
iar bhind t-Tthas vided Laws ting Negt die osing his enmporals stripes gtined in afeer division
1 cheeses eee
iio etorimodatons,deslarig that segreption#  ™T gsgae shin pos the "Port of Law Hope?”
ta disritination When-he facies ‘offered both res _ eri God, T have nt been vo dows to lows of faith
{ gp-sststantilly the stmé. Taking the samé gfotind, “7 si.at chi moment. «Al hil buld-up for. enething
the Intertatd Commerce Commisin, secently dis to resect ily to be tested ike a brainless gorilla St for
fridd a. complain fled by ighteen Negro stumen rothing-more thah a pest-hole digger and. a: wringer of
dosnt ihe Atlantic Cows Lite. The sen aed fr, wire yard hrs. = omen ths oan Guadalcanal or
1 {Efe deletion’ ehat'segregtion in and- of ik Auweig or North AftiarT weeld copecr sos 20
sa today rat besrégarded a consting analat:” Would give evrything, even say He, Fs ocho. It
[a isroninaian? That pus he Negrpaltode dno ont tl you dlferendy, th ade, opesing up of she
BL | spect inet Be conan pede, esti eine sane ff mec Regres We
‘Sitar eompldinants ged us fo decide bi fof) ae taited become aifled-rand tin the evan of come
‘gaceaecialQueition ahd’ not 2 question of inequality 72" Ibor. \
Gives? : ‘isc ecret tha the Air Qorps wished no Negro
i Thi, imei iwful, if somewhat, grotesqut, for’ ‘inductees, Buc it was forced to Jet the calor bar dawn
incidents lite the following to happen: On x eroded. Tate in 1940 and. created ‘ten “Aviation Squndrons
Sop tin golig through Tens the calored dale (Separte)®. which served no fpecbe’miliary need:
t avid Uh Jin Gem a nd fend ate apne to hatter Bad ite of toon
ing co. In the main ston, elong with the-white. labor the various ae feldy could afer. ‘There’ was,
{als growp of German war prishners:dined—afd fo * equivalent white orgenization and these Negro itis
| ub fed Her lions of rac sperioriyon thet Jim would’ proably-never have come into existence but for
1 Grow eur i thenncaity of making somé provision for the Negroes
% ening jn the Az Foros.
The anion of Negro “utc Ta che ‘Army to The Ait Corps began by training Negroes for fom
A ‘mil jobs sal widespread prance, Coléred inductees “bat aviation in only ne branch—pursilt ying, A segre-
“/" gio cmp for|milary tuning and find themelves gated bite was, ee Op-negs' Tuskegee, lostitte and
sssgrad to seryconite—cosking, shoveling coal; wait-’ advanced training was at Selfridge Field: Pursuit fly
ing on the white ofetrs. Emteriig serve, they may. ; ing isthé most dificult type of combat aviation. Perhaps
J $3 omaha bldg ie Burma Te ol Alon = ‘Ar Corps paying tribute to'the Negros post:
Sie, or encouering winter cemperavres of 56 de- bly Ye was trying to discourage him. In’ any event, the
fs et hking the hes ligne he pore yen mt oy made gon in alg, bute
i el pipeline ot. ofthe Canadian waits, Meanwhile”-Ninety ninth “Squadkon, the first, and only ofe sent
siicana waied ete teens in the fighting’ ‘abroad, has won’ opal ‘praise from Seeretary of Wat.
| feral the] Negro. longs to be. °The.sght.of -Stimaon and others or its fine spr ind the specialized
I ‘Hoses of Négep[toldiers convantly Blocked off into. dive bombing the fe ‘were called upon unexpectedly
«+ | SBE gos bebaniget o mend ig” wie tp perform hen the egadnon way Ga Tous to te
sr when nena ke mad heaters “helen Geka Ae wha
‘eid owerfil feeling of superiovty and oF Being’ Tn. 1943,- schools for bambadiers. aid. navigators
i Kiferene.” vr. ete opened to Negroey ad the first squadron, known
ABE eited Negrotechniogis timed. pin “xs Squadron 10,-mah graduated on Fébraary 26, 1964,
the piychotie at of a hospital. “Hig Atmy iervice st Hondo, Testis, and will now-reteive training xs
f ‘ssicking up' papers arohnd the officers? quarters in a bontbirdiers. 2
Setherecamp: When he wat ansfered tradi ose S 2
‘etl wouies vanished. Another induste,s bil. Income respécta the Navy, with ity ances and
“| i inches) had x fantasc Army aeer At the: SGutheen genplan tidiione, ‘allies, with the policy
‘etspran éenteron the Pace Coast the officers pro-’~of the modern Air Comnriand.. ga and 1943,
. pied toe his Jeary of media taining to the Army's “ Negioes were “the chambérmaids of the Navy” act
‘age. He yas ent fo'Camp Afor traning and ing'ay wemids, chefs and mestoys, Several months
1 fvgned to 4 posei the biologie ‘aboratory. Before after’ Pearl ‘Harbor the Navy brok! down end ad.
be could start work he’ was shipped further east to “nitied <olofed men’ as apprenti¢e scamen with the
Samp 3. snd enelled for tenia taining 20 59 chance of becoming pety offers It has let dov the
l {Une He pated this couine with. high honor, and barats womeh—but no darkekinned womén. Thera sre
PePrmplly: tripped to: Cafip CHfarcher wes— no colored Wives, Spars or-Matine Corgis: Ausliarics,
Set conde end ange to the Agni? hl anes no Negro told be common Up 2
ngtiA week ater be found ftnself at Cinp Dn fw weeks ago, there are-n0-Negro chaplains inthe
I Ses ie le dee Dae Bo 4 :
