our behind I an voded laws creating Negro dir lesng his corporal’ stripes gained in another division.
BSR ene Haves
read ecorimodaton, delving that segregstion #1 gag he shin post bs the “Port of Lent Hope.” «<<
tat discrimination when the facies offered both races yercind Gad T have not been vo close 0 los faith #9
i are sobstantially the same. Taking the same ground, T sry at this moment... All this build-up for something
the Intenaté Commerce Commision recently dix io react, only to be otet ke a baile gore ft for
rnsed a complaint fled by eighteen Negro seamen  frhing more than a ponthole digger and & ernger of
trun the Atlantic Coast Line. The men asked for wir, yard bird. «1 owear i hs was Guadalcanal or
1 SP edwon dh ean nd of Ah Neh ‘Ain wel omg
sa today mt be regarded s consating an laws would give everything, even mp lie, «Ts mockery, It
Ei drtinlion” Liat puts ce Negro tae on so one yor aifrendy she san open op fe
1 teregaton na natal, Toe Cmminion sponded, trated esi branche of ht servic to Negroes We
SNP compltinants gaked soto dec isfy iy ox! tained, Ycomeublled-and/then the cbvon of com
sence a sods] question and not 2 question of inequality ™#” Tabor, \
fi ectent” Tes no secret that the Air Corps wished no Negro
i mae wl if sewn grey for inden: Buta oad to lth eer ar don
imidents lite the following to happen. On x crowded late in t940 and created ten “Aviation ‘Squadrons
top tin going through Tena the enloredvaliers (Separte)” which served no specie miliary need
1 tied chins Jin Crom eatin on nd fe nd ate magne to ohare Bad by of eomoee
ringer. Tn fhe main teton, along with the whit. abr the vous alr Belg could ofer. There wae,n0
{nts a group of German war prisoners dined—and no equivalent white organization and these Negro uss
| uk fd te lsion of race superiority on that Jim would probably never have come into existence but for
“ cnlised in the Air Forces
The asigoment of Nepro units in eho Army to The Ait Corps began by training-Negroes for com:
i eval jobs alwidesreadpracce. Colored inductees bat svation in nly one branch-—pursltAying, A segre-
f.0 camp for military traning and find themselves gated base was eet up near Tuskegee ostote and
ssignsd to service unite—cooking, shoveling coal, wait- advanced training was at Selfridge Field. Pursuit fly-
ing onthe white ofits, Entering service they may_ ing athe mor dificult eype of combat sviation. Perhaps
I Esters badge bs lee tou Ai Cops nas paying urbe tothe Negro Fors,
Si oF encouering winter Cemperares of 50 de- bly twas trying to discourage him. In any even, the
res bl et faking the Ales lignay or the porn yen met oy mae good in tari, Bu he
i Gael pipeline ot ofthe Canadian waite, Mesnhile Ninetysinth Squadron, the first and only one sent
ileum uaeed there tee in the fighting abroad, has won. opal ‘praise from Secretary of War
| ft, where the] Negro longs to Be The-sght of | Sumion and others or is fine spirit and the speilized
i ‘Buses of NEgré [soldiers constantly Blocked off into dive bombing the age ‘were called upon unexpectedly
SESH pros tAbasgred toner [P's wate perform when the wyadren mas on loan to The
{ales enter irene emia Pesos hols Deke Arey mae
‘elder a powerful feeling of superiority and oF Being Tn 1943, schools for bomburdiers and navigators
i ‘Geren "were opened to Negroeg ah the first squadron, known
A tghly tite Negro technologist turned up in ts Squadron 10, was graduated on February 26, 1944,
SEN wp of NaH Army aie Hondo Tem, and wil no recive tig
I ‘ns Picking up papers arohind the officers? quarters in a bombardiers. .
Seuheracamp. When he wa ransfered to radio Work .
i mectal wouien vanished Another induce, bil- a some respects the Navy, with its ancient and
Jan biochem) had a fanantic Army eer. At the Southerngentleman traditions, tallies with the policy
‘ecptn Genteron the Pace Coat the oficerspro-_of the modern Air Command, 1922 and 1942
Feved to ue his year of medical trining to the Army's Negroes were ‘the chambermaids of the Navy,” act
‘dvesage. He yas sent to Camp A for training and ing as stewards, chefs and messboys, Several months
1 ‘ned to a pose in the biological laboratory. Before -after Pearl Harbor the Navy brok! down and ad-
Qe auld start wore mas shipped farther east to mitted colored men as apprentice seamen. with the
(amp 3, and earelled for tecnial tmining 28 29 chance of becoming pety oficers It has let dovi the
! ‘meres He pubed this coun with BA honor, and baryto womeh-—but no darkkinned women, There sre
TLPPePY sipped to Camp CHareher wes no colored Waves, Spars or Marine Corps Auxiliaries
hel cop und ange to the Army si?” An ance no Neg could be common tp ta
erasiA werk }uter he found himself t Camp D in few weeka ago, there are no Negro chaplains in the
I i Southwest, pe to labor detail. That mesnt Navy. 7 ,
