! nex kn 944 1 34t
ove bend 1 has voided lwo eexting Negro die loving ha conporal’s stipes guined in another vision,
pile seconraon daring that sgregton 3 sn ne ain os othe “Port cf Lost Hope.” « «
“ta darwipion then che fates feed oth er agerinl Gnd 7 have aot ben to ease tol of fh 3

t {2 Sitti the nme Tag Se me roma, METAL Get he noc ato dng ce of fh
the Internatd Conunerco Commision ceetly di io sequc only to be toned Be bales gor Bt fot
miso a orglnt fled by eighteen Negro seamen nahing ere thea a poschale digger and anngrr of
aging the Mant Cows Line. The men sted for wie 3 yard Lr = swepr i ths was Guadalesal or

1 {GM dedkndon dha eegresion In ead of It ustascor Nonk lees T woald expect aotiag te
‘nf toiny tg be regarded st cnatating an unser wool ge everything even my He, © es mockery, et
ff Setrinclon?” Ghat pus che Negro eude on te arly ee eh ein ap fe
‘eeziton ifs ncsbel. The Commision reponded, soesind xv branche of ty series to Negeee We
sere asia duction and not question of inequaliey™en nbor \
ote Tt sno scret that the Air Corps wished no Negro >

Be er te pong ig LEESES A eA ite oe Nege
‘nema like the fllowing to happen. On a eronded late in 1940 and created ten “Aviation, Squadrons
up tn gohg through Tess the colored solders Separate)” which sefved no specie miliary need

i cor fd Lehinfa Jim Crow curtain nt one end of the /and were aisigned. to whatever odd jobs of common
hinge. Tn fhe min tein, along wih te shite nbr de vous alr Feld could ofr, There War,n0
Jas a group f German wer prions dsed—and no" equivalent White orgonizaton and, these Negro wfita
deat feds sion of rte speriiy on that Jim would probaly néfer have conte into exisfete but for

Poon ‘Hemet of aang some povion for tie egrors

‘ cnlined inthe Air Forces,
The asigontnt of Negro writs in che Army to The Ait Carga begun by traning Negroes for com

i nasil je alvdespread praice, Colored inductees batavition in aly’one branch—pursut Aying, A sogre-

| 2.9 ame friar tahing std Gd thei god ttn es stop near Tohegee Lote tad
signed to sere units—cooking, shoveling coal, walt- advanced training, was at Selfsidge Field. Pursuit fy-

I | ing onthe while offers. Entering dervge, they may_ ings the most difbcul type of combat viation. Perhapa
{in| hemslvespuldlg he Burm Rod, br Affen’ the Air Cope was paying tribute tothe Negros posi
To eneuitering winter tempera of fo de. bly e ws trying to discourage him. In any event the
qs elt arb faking the Alain Fighiay or te purl ipo not oly made gdod in traning, but the

i ol ppaine ob ofthe Cadi vais, Meaambile Ninesyaineh Squadon, the frst aad only one sent
Hise weld ar ease tere abroad, has Won apebial pralse from Secretary of Wer
Su, wher thel Negro Toga co Behe tight of Scmeon and others ors ine opin and the epecalized

I ‘eases of NéGrf [eoldiers constantly Blocked off Ineo dive béhubing the len were ealled upon unexpectedly

Sere grates Pi-esgoed to meal jokey"s whe to pevionn when the eqlacon ‘was on Joan to the
Ewe, eseats TEE AA of the Soerge Beak Kighth Army inieay. f=
pes puathl eng of apply WF tang Deng chs forbade 0d navigate

i Bileege.7 i : . ‘were opened to Negroey ald the first squadron, known
A Highly eid Negro technologist romed wp in ts Squadron 10, was pede on February 26,7944;
the puychotc ward of a hospital. His Army service at Hondo, esas, and will now rereive training 3s

i 1": Picking up papers arolind the offcer? quarters in a. bombard. . ~
Sowheraamp.vken he wa teansered to radio Were . .
mena wales vanished Ancter inden, h bk-_Tn-eome respects the Navy, with its ancient and
Tint Nnchemie| had a fantutic Ariny carer, At the . Southern gentleman traditions, tallies with the- policy
‘exponéeifon the Pete Cnt the offers jor of te modern Air Conard, Berween 3922 and 198%
fod tousehis fart. of modi taining vo the Army's Negroes were “the chambermalds of the Navy” 2ct-

shantage. He ‘Js sent to Camp A for training end ingaa stewards, chefs and messboys, Several months

1 ‘saizred toa pope in the biologie ‘Ieborstery, Before «afer Peusl ‘Harbor the Navy brok’ down and ade

de could start pork he wat shipped further east to mitted colored men as apprentice seamen with the
Comp 3, and deroled for technic tiring aan chance of becoming pety eBcerts It has let down the
! ‘neers He pobed this eonne wth idk hone, an arto wont but no darcotinned women, There are
™s proiptly chipped to Camp C-Lfsrther west— no colored Waves, Spars or Marine Corps Auoiliaries
fistd os conal and asigned to the Army Ai? And since no Negro onild be commissioned up to 2
oresiA wee eer he found himal€ st Cunp D in few weds ago, there are no Negro ebaplaine in the
I Scie, ete fete fae Tet mene See 3 i
